 
 
 
Dear Pradeep Chandra Gajendra
Apropos to your application for interning as “Cloud Computing 
to our discussions we are pleased to offer you Project based Internship as 
Intern” This is subject to no adverse findings arising from any of the intern background 
verification which is required to be
Worisgo is 01 Jan, 2025 with the following terms o
of internship will be 119 days. 
Internship Hours/Duration — The working hours of the firm are 4:30PM
follow flexi hours, so it is mandatory
required to work on the weekends and the week offs will be prov
agreed between the Intern and the Manager.
Location—Your place of internship will
Work — You will perform all duties and obligations and comply with such orders as may be 
designated by the Company management which are
an intern. 
Working in Shifts — You may be required to intern in shifts. This shall be informed to you by 
your manager/supervisor well in advance.
Code of Conduct — Your internship is governed
You are required to read, understand and follow it in letter and spirit.
Confidentiality — In the ordinary course of your internship you will be exposed to information 
about the business of the Company, its clients and customers, which is confidential or is 
commercially sensitive and which may not be readily available to competitors or the general 
public, and which if disclosed would be harmful for our reputation. All information is sh
need-to-know basis .You shall not discuss
outside the office environment or with other employees/ interns who are not otherwise 
authorized to know. 
Intellectual Property — You agree that during your intern
application, design, copyright or other intellectual property shall be owned by the Company, 
except articles written with personal
that you will promptly inform the Company about
involved in making. 
Date: 29 Dec, 
, 
- Hybrid Intern” and subsequent 
“
 carried out by the Organization. The date of your
f engagement as outlined below. 
-8.30PM. We do not 
 to complete the working hours at the home. You
ided during the weekday as 
 
 be Work from Home. 
 reasonably consistent with your position as 
 
 by the Code of Conduct. A copy is attached.
 
 or transmit by any means any confidential
ship the 'work of art’, any patent 
 opinion with prior approval from management.
 any Intellectual Property you make or are 
 
2024 
Java- Hybrid 
 joining 
The duration 
 may be 
 
ared on a 
 information 
 You agree 
 
 
 
DataProtection —Ensuring the protection
that — 
You do not disclose any personal data without prior writen approval
You donot access information
You do not access systems and IT infrastructure that you are not authorized.
You do not treat personal data carelessly
You secure all printouts away when not in use
You do not share your passwords to any unauthorized person
Background Verification — As a part of the onboarding process, background check is 
conducted. You will be required to submit your original documents for background verification.
Data Consent—In consideration of being Interned at 
I hereby expressly agree as follows
Worisgo may collect, process and disclose my personal information/data to verify the accuracy
the information I have provided in my application form or during my recruitment pr
conducting appropriate background checks.
In this regard, Worisgo may, amongst other, obtain a personal credit report, conduct a criminal 
record search, and contact the persons I have appointed as personal references during my 
recruitment. 
Acceptance — You hereby accept the terms of Internship Please sign the offer letter induplicate 
and return us one copy. 
 
 
Date: 
Signature: 
Name: 
Permanent Address: 
 
 
Yours sincerely, 
 
Neha Sharma 
HRManager | 1Stop.ai 
 
 of our data is are quirement of the job.You
 
 that you are not otherwise authorized to view.
         
 
 
 
Worisgo. 
— 
 
  shall ensure 
  
 
 of 
ocess, by 
VERIFY 
